O3DE website Documentation (#182)
o3de/community: markdown/o3de-website/README.md

# Blog Process

 This guide provides guidance on the process of publishing a blog on the O3DE website. This document covers selecting a topic, identifying an author, designing the blog, and publishing on site. Additionally, it offers troubleshooting tips in case any issues arise during the blog's publication. 

 To ensure a smooth publishing process, it is crucial to keep all relevant parties informed about the scheduled release date and any updates related to it. This includes the author of the blog and other stakeholders, such as the Marketing Committee. Clear communication with all parties involved can prevent any confusion or delays in the publishing process.

> Checklist
> 

Reviewer: We can start using some headers here to organize the documents. I also suggest including a introductory sentence for the section.

```suggestion
## Checklist

The overall process for publishing a blog is broken down to the following items:

```

- [ ] 1. Identify potential blog
- [ ] 2. Identify person who will write the blog
- [ ] 3. Plan date for blog arrival
    - [ ] 3.1. Plan allocated time for when blog may be delayed
    - [ ] 3.2. Plan soft date for publish
- [ ] 4. PR Stage
    - [ ] 4.1. Markdown design
    - [ ] 4.2. Publish date finalized
    - [ ] 4.3. Social Media
    - [ ] 4.4. PR Stage Timeline
    - [ ] 4.5. Testing the blog on local machine
- [ ] 5. Social Media
- [ ] 6. Blog goes live

>     - [ ] Follow-up

Reviewer: Should this be **7**? The points below it are numbered as 7.0 and 7.1.

        - [ ] 7.0. Check to make sure blog is live on day its supposed to. 
        - [ ] 7.1. Contact Docs if blog has not gone live
    - [ ] Social Media posting
        
        

> Terms:
> PR - Pull Request
> SIG - Special Interest Group
> TSC - Technical Steering Committee

Reviewer: - Again, we can organize this into it's own section. It allows readers to easily jump to this section when needed. 
- Also provide an short introductory sentence to the section
- Nit: Style formatting for the terminology
- Links for additional information would also be good here
```suggestion
## Terminology

This document uses the following terminology:

- **PR**:  [Pull Request](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-pull-requests)
- **SIG**: [Special Interest Group](https://github.com/o3de/community#special-interest-groups)
- **TSC**: [Technical Steering Committee](https://github.com/o3de/tsc)
```

> 

Reviewer: Another section header
```suggestion
## Details

This section provides additional details for each item in the checklist.

```

    3. **Social Media**
         Now that you have a blog in the PR stage, it's important to reach out to the Marketing team either through Discord or email. This will help you establish a firm release date and allow the team to create a social media promotion package for the blog. The Marketing team will handle the entire social media promotion of the blog. 
    4. **PR Stage Timeline**
        During the PR stage, the blog goes through a review process by multiple parties to ensure that it follows the correct technical format, proper referencing, and appropriate linking. This is a standard practice to catch any missing or incorrect information and make necessary corrections.
        
         To merge the blog into the main website, at least two individuals must approve the PR. 
        
        It is recommended to allow for 1-2 weeks (7 to 14 days) for the blog to be merged from the time of submission into PR. Rushing the process may lead to errors or missing the intended publication date.
    5. **Testing how the blog displays**

>         If you want to test to see how the blog looks before it goes live. This is normally the best practice to ensure that everything renders properly, then you will need to either configure your machine to build the site locally or ask someone to build the site and send images over to you. 
>         
>         If testing locally, the best guide would be the up-to-date date here. https://github.com/o3de/o3de.org, Once you have a working build, to get the blog to show on the list, it would be required to run the following command: 
>         `Hugo Server -F`
>         This ensures that the build of the website is built in the future and will be able to view the blog as if it was publication day. 

Reviewer: - A few rewording suggestions to eliminate fragmented sentences and improve flow and clarity
- Converted link to hyperlink for clarity. 
- Added more instruction on where the user can expect to see the blogs

```suggestion
        It's best practice to test how the blog looks before it goes live to ensure that everything renders properly. To do this you must either configure your machine to build the site locally or ask someone to build the site and send images over to you. 
        
        If testing locally, refer to instructions in the `o3de.org` repo, [Build the website locally](https://github.com/o3de/o3de.org). Once you have a working build, you can find the list of blogs at the `/blog` address of your local web server. For example, `http://localhost:1313/blog/`. However, to get the blog to show in the list, you must rerun with the following command: 
        `hugo server -f`
        This ensures that the build of the website shows posts that are scheduled for future publication, allowing you to view the blog as if it was publication day. 
```
